Since the amount of steps can vary widely based on the specific implementations,
we normally use approximations when talking about efficiency in Big O notation.
Since the efficiency of the pseudocode we wrote before
could end up looking like any of these and even more,
we would say that the efficiency is actually
about big O of n. If you're running code for production,
you definitely care about the number of computations and want to minimize it.
However, in an interview,
your interviewer doesn't care that you can do that exactly,
but just wants to know that you are thinking about
efficiency and can calculate it if you need to.
By approximating, we're really saying,
"Some number of computations must be performed for each letter in the input."